projects/dynamic-pie-chart/README.md, before:

# The Dynamic Pie Chart

This library provides a dynamic pie chart, i.e. a sector diagram widget, which is linked to a dynamic source, and available for user interaction. Each sector can be activated, or selected with the mouse pointer. 

![](https://github.com/frvidal/dynamic-pie-chart/workflows/Build_and_test/badge.svg)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[A sample usage of this library can be previewed (and admired) in the Fitzhì solution.](http://www.fitzhi.com)

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.11.

![Dynamic Pie Chart](https://frvidal.github.io/dynamic-pie-chart/projects/dynamic-pie-chart/screenshot.png)

## Installing this library in your project ?

The most simple command `npm install dynamic-pie-chart` will install this library

To import the module inside your application, just add the module **DynamicPieChartModule** in your `app.module.ts`.

location :
> import {DynamicPieChartModule} from 'dynamic-pie-chart';


2 mock files are provided for testing purpose. Each one is containing a sample array of slices :
- MockSlicesOne
- MockSlicesTwo


## Using this library in your application ?

To include this component into a container, you just have to declare this section into the HTML template.

```
<lib-dynamic-pie-chart
	[pie]=1
	[radius]=150
	[active]=true
	[legend]=legend
	[slices$]=slices$
	[typeSlices$]=typeSlices$
	(selected)="sliceSelection($event)" 
	(activated)="sliceActivation($event)">
</lib-dynamic-pie-chart>
```

The parameters are :

Parameter | Decorator | Comment
------------ | ------------- | -------------
pie | INPUT | the pie identifier inside the container. There can be multiple pies in the same component. Each pie must have a unique pie.
radius | INPUT | the radius of the Pie in pixel.
active | INPUT | Does this pie have to be active, or not ? A pie is a set of slices. An active pie allows each slice to be activated, or selected, by the mouse cursor.
legend | INPUT | `true` or `false`. _Does this pie has a legend ?_  In this current release (1.0.0), the legend is a circle with lebel surrounding the pie.
slices$ | INPUT | an observable which publishes an array of slices to be drawn. Each sector diagram is made up of pieces, from various angles, and whose sum is equal to 360. _(This widget supports a sum of tranches lower than 360)_. This array will be internally sorted on the `type` property to provide a legend.
typeSlices$ | INPUT | an `observable` which publishes an array of type of slices. the array ol slices  
selected | OUTPUT |  an `EventEmitter` to inform the parent component that a slice has been activated
activated | OUTPUT |  an `EventEmitter` to inform the parent component that a slice has been selected


## What is a slice ?

For the component, the pie is an array of slices.

A slice is a piece of pie. 

Property | type | Comment
------------ | ------------- | -------------
id | number | the identifier of the slice, un unique number per pie
type | number | the type of slice
angle | number | the angle of this slice ***in degree**
offset | number | the offset (in degrees) of this slice within the pie. This property is there for internal use. Its value will be processed by the component. 
color | string | the color of this slice
contents | string | an array of objects associated to this slice. 
activated | boolean | `true` or `false` if this slice is activated (the end-user has clicked on its),
selected | boolean | `true` or `false` if this slice is selectecd (the end-user has clicked on its),

## What is a type of slice ?

A type of slices is a reference table of legend.

Commit message:

Adding the feature of being able to filter the slices

projects/dynamic-pie-chart/README.md, after:

# The Dynamic Pie Chart

This library provides a dynamic pie chart, i.e. a sector diagram widget, which is linked to a dynamic source, and available for user interaction. Each sector can be activated, or selected with the mouse pointer. 

![](https://github.com/frvidal/dynamic-pie-chart/workflows/Build_and_test/badge.svg)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[A sample usage of this library can be previewed (and admired) in the Fitzhì solution.](http://www.fitzhi.com)

This library was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.11.

![Dynamic Pie Chart](https://frvidal.github.io/dynamic-pie-chart/projects/dynamic-pie-chart/screenshot.png)

## Installing this library in your project ?

The most simple command `npm install dynamic-pie-chart` will install this library

To import the module inside your application, just add the module **DynamicPieChartModule** in your `app.module.ts`.

location :
> import {DynamicPieChartModule} from 'dynamic-pie-chart';


2 mock files are provided for testing purpose. Each one is containing a sample array of slices :
- MockSlicesOne
- MockSlicesTwo


## Using this library in your application ?

To include this component into a container, you just have to declare this section into the HTML template.

```
<lib-dynamic-pie-chart
	[pie]=1
	[radius]=150
	[active]=true
	[legend]=legend
	[slices$]=slices$
	[filteredSlices$]=filteredSlices$
	[typeSlices$]=typeSlices$
	(selected)="sliceSelection($event)" 
	(activated)="sliceActivation($event)">
</lib-dynamic-pie-chart>
```

The parameters are :

Parameter | Decorator | Comment
------------ | ------------- | -------------
pie | INPUT | the pie identifier inside the container. There can be multiple pies in the same component. Each pie must have a unique pie.
radius | INPUT | the radius of the Pie in pixel.
active | INPUT | Does this pie have to be active, or not ? A pie is a set of slices. An active pie allows each slice to be activated, or selected, by the mouse cursor.
legend | INPUT | `true` or `false`. _Does this pie has a legend ?_  In this current release (1.0.0), the legend is a circle with lebel surrounding the pie.
slices$ | INPUT | an observable which publishes an array of slices to be drawn. Each sector diagram is made up of pieces, from various angles, and whose sum is equal to 360. _(This widget supports a sum of tranches lower than 360)_. This array will be internally sorted on the `type` property to provide a legend.
filteredSlices$ | INPUT | an **OPTIONAL** `observable` which broadcasts an array of slices to be filtered on the chart.
typeSlices$ | INPUT | an `observable` which publishes an array of type of slices. the array ol slices  
selected | OUTPUT |  an `EventEmitter` to inform the parent component that a slice has been activated
activated | OUTPUT |  an `EventEmitter` to inform the parent component that a slice has been selected


## What is a slice ?

For the component, the pie is an array of slices.

A slice is a piece of pie. 

Property | type | Comment
------------ | ------------- | -------------
id | number | the identifier of the slice, un unique number per pie
type | number | the type of slice
angle | number | the angle of this slice **in degree**
offset | number | the offset (in degrees) of this slice within the pie. This property is there for internal use. Its value will be processed by the component. 
color | string | the color of this slice
data | any | the data object associated to this child.
children | array of any | an array of data which can be considered as the children linked to this slice
activated | boolean | `true` or `false` if this slice is activated (the end-user has moved the mouse on it)
selected | boolean | `true` or `false` if this slice is selected (the end-user has clicked on it)

## What is a type of slice ?

A type of slices is a reference table of legend.
